Name: Yue Ma (Z1934458)
Final Project Report

What was the most challenging for me is the story, it is tough to think about a story which contains a lot of visualization possibilities, 
and it is hard to think about a story which is full of creativities and interests. I used python to do this project, so I did not want all 
my graphs are simple bar charts. Trying to think about how to enrich the type of graphs is another challenge. I believe the more types of 
graphs are involved, the more interests that may final visualizations will bring. Another challenge must be the dataset, the datasets provided 
on the divvy bike website are very clear, but all of them are very large, especially for me, I used three years’ data, sometimes I have to 
spend more time to run the code. 

Through this project and the course data visualization this semester, I learned how to use a visualization way to view my graphs created by 
programming, before I did not care about that much the color combination, the font size…I was just focusing on the coding part, I was thinking 
if I run something successfully without bug, then I am ok to present. But for now, I used quite a long time to revise my graphs every time and 
tried my best to make the graphs look better. I think this is what I have learned form this final project and the course this semester. Besides 
that, I learned how to visualize location points on a map using python, that was really interesting, and I felt achieved that I was not only 
using boring bar charts to present the whole story. This final project is not like the WNIJ project, which is a teamwork project, so the final 
one requires me have an ability to arrange the personal time and push myself to do the work and think about the solutions. It is flexible without 
restrictions like other people’s ideas from a team member, but it requires the creativity of the project with your own comprehension. I am satisfied 
with my final presentations, and it will encourage me to apply what I have learned here to my future visualization designs. 

